Fred here and he's actually going to be
doing a drop test with the Xperia Z so
yeah let's check this ready all right
now do you know is it a if it fell on
the front or the back on the front on
the front
yes so this has a shadow proof sheet on
there and if you do happen to break it
at least you're able to keep the pieces
inside the screen
Oh
he has no fear here he's just tossing it
about like a piece of trash but actually
it's quite a beautiful stone those makes
people angry when you do stuff like this
people get so so upset you're not gonna
be able to break it no do you want to
just come on let's you more people look
at this look at this guys look at this
yeah they will not tell me which glass
is on this thing here but I'm betting
that it's not Corning's I've done a lot
of fun stuff with Corning Gorilla Glass
now is that bezel what is what is this
made of entirely Secession it's like
it's a glass fiber pali mine so that's
quite we're really hard so is that just
the glass or is that the extras just
that's this exoskeleton here that you
see wrapping around the entire device
right nice so that gives us its strength
and part of its durability
it seems that you've got a little bit of
a lip here so that it doesn't smack
directly on that glass which is really
nice
so what happens then if you were to do
it directly on the glass rather than on
the
not so bad so yeah this thing is
waterproof you need to make sure that
you're keeping the port's closed again
keep the board's closed oh that was a
question that I had maybe you know so
people are I'm just wondering what
happens if you were to accidentally not
close it all the way no it's gonna
damage this but as far as a warranty
what do you think Sony would do that
wouldn't happen I can't really comment
on the warranty but I can show you we do
have where you have liquid damage
indicators so if you are negligent with
your phone and don't close the flaps we
can't be responsible for anything yeah
that was my major question because what
if it was an accident or somebody didn't
know it's only rated for when the
problem
how do you market that specifically so
people don't make this type of error
it's a really dumb error yeah so
actually in the software itself when you
you have the charging port open and
charging the device Oh anybody one phone
yes it'll give you a pop up sometimes
using the first couple times a to charge
the phone give you a pop up to let you
need to close your flaps is there any
way to see that I wasn't able to produce
that because I can't pull that off I
don't think we can produce it live on
this phone but one of the things that we
do provide is actually a docking station
so
so that obviously one of the most common
things to do with your phone is charges
so we want to make it as easy as
possible for you to not have to open
this flap I like that we have a
accessory over there that you can slide
the phone into and it's gonna charge the
dock and actually have one I use it all
the time
I like this try not to open my flaps
open your flaps
yes I use bluetooth he's like so is
there at any time that fits the flaps
will wear out or is it acting like
Tupperware because after you both can
get so many passions these are very
tough flaps yes so they're not gonna
break I mean not necessarily break but
you know once you open and close
something several times it ends up
losing its it's waterproof uh village
too but these have been tested for
the lifetime of the device Nolan
recently slaps
so just say two years opening and
closing it five times a day
yeah so see if I can
pretty cool advice you guys honestly
I've been playing with it for quite some
time now and I'm actually really loving
it
it's really really really great come on
press people you better give me one